[docs] Add a note about Elastic results availability during (re-)index (#261)
humanmade/altis-enhanced-search: docs/reindexing-content.md

`wp site list --field=url` will print each site URL on a new line and ingested by `xargs` to be processed individually.

> **Note:** During the indexing process, the site will not be using Elastic index for searches/queries, so some features like faceting or autosuggest will not work as expected until the reindex process is finished.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note:** During the indexing process, the site will not use the Elasticsearch index for searches/queries, so some features like faceting or autosuggest will not work as expected until the process is finished.
```
